The dataset contains information about marketing campaigns that were conducted
via phone calls from a Portuguese banking institution to their clients.
Purpose of these campaigns is to prompt their clients to subscribe for a 
specific financial product of the bank (term deposit). 
After each call was conducted, the client had to inform the institution about 
their intention of either subscribing to the product (indicating a successful 
campaign) or not (unsucessful campaign).
The final output of this survey will be a binary result indicating if the 
client subscribed ('yes') to the product or not ('no').
The dataset has 41188 rows (instances of calls to clients) and 21 columns 
(variables) which are describing certain aspects of the call.
Please note that there are cases where the same client was contacted multiple times
- something that practically doesn't affect the analysis as each call will be
considered independent from another even if the client is the same.

Variables that describing attributes related directly to the client:
a. age
b. job: type of job (e.g. 'admin', 'technician', 'unemployed', etc)
c. marital: marital status ('married', 'single', 'divorced', 'unknown')
d. education: level of education ('basic.4y', 'high.school', 'basic.6y', 
'basic.9y','professional.course', 'unknown','university.degree','illiterate')
e. default: if the client has credit in default ('no', 'unknown', 'yes')
f. housing: if the client has housing a loan ('no', 'unknown', 'yes')
g. loan: if the client has a personal loan ? ('no', 'unknown', 'yes')


2. Variables related to the last contact of the current campaign:
a. contact: type of communication ('telephone', 'cellular')
b. month: month of last contact
c. dayofweek: day of last contact
d. duration: call duration (in seconds)

3. Other variables related to the campaign(s):
a. campaign: number of contacts performed during this campaign and for this client
b. pdays: number of days passed by after the client was last contacted from a previous campaign
c. previous: number of contacts performed before this campaign and for this client
d. poutcome: outcome of previous marketing campaign ('nonexistent', 'failure', 'success')

4. Socioeconomic variables:
factors of a social and economic nature (occupation, income, etc) which indicate a person's
status within a community.
a. emp.var.rate: employement variation rate - quarterly indicator
b. cons.price.idx: consumer price index - monthly indicator
c. cons.conf.idx: consumer confidence index - monthly indicator
d. euribor3m: euribor 3 month rate - daily indicator
the basic rate of interest used in lending between banks on the European Union interbank market
and also used as a reference for setting the interest rate on other loans.
e. nr.employed: number of employees - quarterly indicator
